# Capstone-Project-Level-1

This project 4 textfiles:
1. tasks.txt
2. users.txt
3. taskoverview.txt (generated by program)
4. useroverview.txt (generated by program)

A menu is displayed giving the user options to do the following:
r - register user
a - add task
va - view all tasks
vm - view my tasks
gr - generate reports
s - Display Statistics
e-exit

r - Register user
This option is only given to the admin user.
The admin user can enter a new username and password which are stored in user.txt

a - Add task
The user can add a task which is comprised of a string with the following information:
-Username that task is being assigned to ","
-the task ","
-The task description ","
-Date task was assigned ","
-Due date for task ","
-A "Yes" / "No" value indicating whether the task has been completed or not

The full task is posted to tasks.xt

va - View all tasks
This option displays all of the tasks in tasks.txt

vm - View my tasks
This option only displays tasks in tasks.txt that have been assigned to the user currently logged in.

gr- Generate Reports
This option displays and posts the following to the respective tectfiles:

task_overview.txt contains:
▪ The total number of tasks that have been generated and tracked using the task_manager.py.  ▪ The total number of completed tasks. 
▪ The total number of uncompleted tasks.  
▪ The total number of tasks that haven’t been completed and that are overdue.   
▪ The percentage of tasks that are incomplete. 
▪ The percentage of tasks that are overdue.  


user_overview.txt contains:
▪ The total number of users registered with task_manager.py.  
▪ The total number of tasks that have been generated and tracked using the task_manager.py.  ▪ For each user also describe:
▪ The total number of tasks assigned to that user.
▪ What percentage of the total number of tasks have been assigned to that user?  
▪ What percentage of the tasks assigned to that user have been completed? 
▪ What percentage of the tasks assigned to that user must still be completed?  
▪ What percentage of the tasks assigned to that user have not yet been completed and are overdue? 



s - Display Statistic
This option displays and posts the following to task_overview.txt & user_overview.txt:
-Total number of tasks
-Total number of users

e - Exit
Terminates the program.



